Abstract
 Bayesian Deep Learning breakthrough and uncertainty advantages
 Direct Application to NLP field
 Combined to techniques to switch from freq to baye

Measuring uncertainty in deep learning application becomes increasingly important: 
It is essential in critical applications, it helps in decision making and it can help to build trust in deep learning applications.
Traditional methods to estimate uncertainty mainly relied on ensemble methods but recently bayesian methods applied to deep learning started to gain attention and to be applied to complex tasks.
In this paper we study the applications of Bayesian uncertainty modeling techniques to the Natural Language Processing field, specifically to question answering problems.
Further, we also want to take advantage of the pretrained NLP models such as BERT and leverage existing techniques to convert a pretrained frequentist model to a bayesian framework.
This could ultimately lead to models that combine the best of both worlds between pretrained NLP models and uncertainty measurement.

0. Introduction

---- Pourquoi de l'incertitude dans les modèles de NLP

Obtaining a confidence value in the predictions a model outputs has always been an active field of research. It became all the more important these last years 
with the use of artificial intelligence and deep learning models in critical applications such as self-driving vehicle, surgery or other application where the life of the user it potentialy at risk. 
In other fields such as Natural Language Processing, a confidence value can be used to greatly improve the user experience of the software relying on the model, or at the least give insightful information about the model's 
 applications such as text summary, question answering or even text generation are some examples of problems where a confidence level would greatly improve underlying human-computer interfaces.
Indeed, a large part of interactions between users and machine are still done with text, in chatbots for example. The idiosyncratic characteristics of human language, its rapidly evolving nature
or just trending phrases may put off an text analysing system. In such cases, models should be able to identify their own blackspots and inform that the answer is probably incorrect.
Various methods were tested to counter such scenario and to obtain a meaningful uncertainty estimation. 




- DL sans ensemble > ensemble vue la taille modèle

I. Previous Works
a/ Uncertainty measures
- Predictive entropy 
- Shannon entropy

From the Source: Bayesian Statistics w/ Variational inference
--> Juste un rappel pour contextualiser

b/ Bayesian deep learning
    i/ Dropout
    ii/ bayes by backprop
    iii/ Deep Variational inference & q & ELBO

c/ Prior estimation with MOPED

d/ Model calibration with AVUC and metrics
- ECE et al. à retrouver


II. Contributions

Applications to NLP (?)
a/ Application to NLP
 - Scaled to big models & head only freq to bayesian method
b/ Uncertainty & Calibration study accros dataset (in domain & cross domain) 

+/ Bayeformers

III. Results


Cl. Limitations & Further works


"Adaptiotion" de BERT pour montrer les incertitudes